'devtools' - Tools to Make Developing R Packages Easier 
'ps' - List, query and manipulate all system processes, on 'Windows', 'Linux' and 'macOS'. 
'DBI' - A database interface definition for communication between R and relational database management systems. 
'aCRM' - Convenience functions for analytical Customer Relationship ... 
'dataPreparation'  -  Do most of the painful data preparation for a data science project with a minimum amount of code, 
'dplyr' - data manipulation, providing a consistent set of verbs that help you solve the most common data manipulation challenges,
'e1071' - Misc Functions of the Department of Statistics, Probability Theory ..., 
'mice'- The mice package in R, helps you imputing missing values with plausible data values.   ,
'h2o',
'plyr'- Tools for Splitting, Applying and Combining Data.  
'data.table'- data.table is an R package that provides an enhanced version of data.frame s, which are the standard data structure for storing data in base R  ,
'dummies'- Contains functions to create dummy variables flexibly using model.matrix returning them as eithermatrices or data frames for further analysis. Alsoi, contains methods, for manipulating dummyvariables.  'stringr'- ?????? ?? ???????? 
'tidyverse'- collection of R packages designed for data science '
 'caret' - Classification And REgression Training 
'taRifx'-  various utility and convenience functions 
'fpc'- clustering methods implemented in R, including estimating the number of clusters with kmeans ... 
'jsonlite'- 
'partykit'- A toolkit with infrastructure for representing, summarizing, and visualizing tree-structured regression and classification models 
'rattle'- A Graphical User Interface for Data Mining
'rpart.plot'-
'rpart'- Learn tree-based modelling
'MLmetrics'- Machine Learning Evaluation Metrics
'qdap'- word extracting and visualization statistical analysis
'widyr'- Widen, Process, then Re-Tidy Data
'ggraph'-
'igraph'-
'wordcloud'-
'tidytext'-  text analysis within the tidy data framework
'tm' - A framework for text mining applications  
'nnet' - Software for feed-forward neural networks with a single hidden layer
'DMwR' - DMwR: Functions and data for "Data Mining with R"
'gtools' -
'forecast' - Forecasting Functions for Time Series and Linear Models
'highcharter' - A wrapper for the 'Highcharts' library including shortcut functions to plot R objects
'xts' - Constructor function for creating an extensible time-series object 
'zoo', - consists of the methods for totally ordered indexed observations 
'lubridate' - work with dates and times 
'plumber' - An R package that generates a web API from the R code you already have. 
'matrixStats' - 
'readr' - 
'fmsb' - Functions for Medical Statistics Book wi 
'textstem' - Tools for Stemming and Lemmatizing Text.

